docs(general): update contributing guide and docs (#1899)
openclarity/vmclarity: docs/troubleshooting.md

## Table of Contents

- [How to debug the Scanner VMs](#how-to-debug-the-scanner-vms)
  - [Docker and Kubernetes](#docker-and-kubernetes-provider)
  - [Cloud providers](#cloud-providers)

## How to debug the Scanner VMs

### Docker and Kubernetes provider

> In case of the Docker provider scanners are created as containers, and as pods on Kubernetes so they can be accessed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Docker provider, scanners are created as containers, while as pods in case of Kubernetes. In both cases, you can access them directly and check the logs.```
